okay so this is my video of my Honda 919
Hornet just got done doing the CBR 900
are our header swap the header is off a
93 900 RR it's a full slip on with the
mid pipe in a Yoshi can that I shortened
up its going to get painted so it'll
match the bike I guess got rid of the
undertale exhaust cleans off the bike
and did some pro taper Suzuki factory
rise handlebars on it waiting for my bar
and mirrors to come in did some frame
sliders and that's about it so far well
LED turn signals like looks pretty
decent I guess got rid of the rear
hanger mounted the tag underneath the
back so that's nice and clean color but
it's coming along so far the mid pipe
needs to be just a little bit and I got
to fabricate a hanger to hold the
cannister we'll see where we go from
there
I'm trying to get a quick start up an
idle for you
and runs good performance is good
kind of loud more and I wanted I liked
it better when the can was longer so I
don't know if I recommend it if you
don't like a noisy bike she just wanted
a good sound performance I'd stay with
longer cam so I will be switching to a
different can't man
others this the first video of the bike
hope you enjoy
any questions leave comments and I will
reply